Create an S3 source Bucket
Step1.	Navigate to the Services menu at the top. Click on S3 in the Storage section.
Step2.	On the S3 dashboard, click on Create bucket button.
//Bucket name: Enter abcxyz
//Note: S3 bucket names are globally unique, choose a name that is available.
//Region:
//Object ownership: Select ACLs disabled (recommended) option
Step3. In the option of Bucket settings for Block Public Access, Uncheck the option of Block all public access. And, Acknowledge the same by checking the below option
Step4.	In the Option of Bucket Versioning, Check the option of Enable
Step5.	Click on the Create bucket button.
Step6.	Ignore any type of warnings.
//Source bucket is created now, Let's create the target bucket.
create the target bucket.
Step1.	In the S3 dashboard, click on the Create bucket button and fill in the bucket details.
Step2.	In the General Configuration, Bucket name: Enter whiztarget1 (Target bucket)
//S3 Bucket names are globally unique, choose a name that is available.
Step3.	Region: 
Step4. Object ownership: Select ACLs disabled (recommended) option
Step5. In the option of Bucket settings for Block Public Access, Uncheck the option of Block all public access. And, Acknowledge the same by checking the below option.
Step6. In the Option of Bucket Versioning, Check the option of Enable.
Step7.	Keep everything default and click on Create bucket button.
Step8.	Both the Source and Target Buckets are created successfully.
upload an Object to source bucket 
Step1.	Click on the bucket name and click on Upload button.
Step2.	Download our sample text file from here or upload any file from your machine.
Step3.	Click on the Add files button.
Step4.	Browse for our sample.txt file or the file you've chosen instead.
//Click on the Upload button.
//You can watch the progress of the upload from within the transfer panel at the bottom of the screen. Since this is a very small file, you might not see the transfer. Once your file has been uploaded, it will be displayed in the bucket.
Step5.	Access the object on the browser.
Step6.	Change S3 object permissions.
Step7.	Setup the bucket policy and permission and test the object accessibility.
//bucket policy into the Bucket policy editor , to make all objects publically accessible.
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Id": "Policy1",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "Stmt1",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": "*",
            "Action": "s3:GetObject",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::zidemo/*"
        }
    ]
}
Step8. Source bucket is created now, Let's create the target bucket
Enable Replication in Source Bucket and add a rule
Step1.	Now go to Source Bucket and click on Management. Scroll down and select Create replication rule button. 
Step2.	Enter a rule name of your choice and keep the status as Enabled
Step3.	Choose a rule scope : Select Apply to all objects in the bucket
Step4.	Under Destination, select choose a bucket in this account and click on Browse S3
Step5.	Select the target bucket created earlier and click on Choose path button.
Step6.	Under IAM Role, Select Choose from existing IAM roles and select Create new role.
Step7. Under the Destination Storage Class, select Change the storage class for the replicated objects and choose One Zone-IA.
Step8. Leave everything as default. Review once and click on Save button. One Pop-up appears Select No, do not replicate existing objects and Click on Submit button.
Step9. Now navigate to the source bucket and upload an Object(.txt or .png) in the Source bucket by clicking on Add Files. Click on Upload.
Step10. Click on the Add files button and upload any object from your local machine and click on Upload button.
Step11. Navigate to your Target Bucket to see the replication. It may take up to 3-5 minutes for replication.
Step12. Now you have successfully configured the Cross-Region Replication in S3 Bucket.
//Congratulations!
Validation Test
Step1.	Once the lab steps are completed, please click on the Validation button on the left side panel.
Step2.	This will validate the resources in the AWS account and show you whether you have completed this lab successfully or not.
